Table migration for PersistKeysToDbContext (#10069)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/security/data-protection/implementation/key-storage-providers.md

author: rick-anderson
description: Learn about key storage providers in ASP.NET Core and how to configure key storage locations.
ms.author: riande

> ms.date: 12/09/2018

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ms.date: 12/19/2018
```

[!code-csharp[Main](key-storage-providers/sample/MyKeysContext.cs)]

Create the `DataProtectionKeys` table. 

# [Visual Studio](#tab/visual-studio)

Execute the following commands in the **Package Manager Console** (PMC) window:

```PowerShell
Add-Migration AddDataProtectionKeys -Context MyKeysContext
Update-Database -Context MyKeysContext
```

# [.NET Core CLI](#tab/netcore-cli)

> Execute the following commands at a Windows command prompt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Execute the following commands in a command shell:
```

```console
dotnet ef migrations add AddDataProtectionKeys --context MyKeysContext
dotnet ef database update --context MyKeysContext
```

---

> `MyKeysContext` is the `DBContext` defined in the preceding code sample. If you're using a `DBContext` with a different name, substitute your `DBContext` name for `MyKeysContext`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `MyKeysContext` is the `DbContext` defined in the preceding code sample. If you're using a `DbContext` with a different name, substitute your `DbContext` name for `MyKeysContext`.
```
